build(deps): bump craft-parts to 2.4.2 (#5300)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/release-notes/snapcraft-8-7.rst

Support for confdbs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Confdbs define the configuration of devices, including schemas, storage, access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A confdb defines the configuration of devices, including schemas, storage, access
```

> Confdbs define the configuration of devices, including schemas, storage, access

Reviewer: It would be ideal to include an external link here, but I can't find a decent overview of confdb/corosync. Do you have one handy?

Author: No, unfortunately it's undocumented other than this [outdated API reference](https://dashboard.snapcraft.io/docs/reference/v2/en/registries.html) and this [interface](https://snapcraft.io/docs/confdb-interface) reference.  It's why we got [this feedback](https://forum.snapcraft.io/t/call-for-testing-snapcraft-8-7-0/45762/2?u=mr_cal) and prompted me to explain the concept in the release notes.

I believe the snapd team is going to publish documentation later this cycle.

Reviewer: Got it. This is fine as-is, then.

> Confdbs define the configuration of devices, including schemas, storage, access

Reviewer: > devices

This gave me pause. Would "Linux systems" be better? "Devices" feels a bit too high-level for snaps.

Author: I like "Linux systems" better.  I originally went with devices because I re-used [this intro](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qIXqcJmUhmsNyJUDKTYu7SYgoE4pqK837VLfZK1wLtk/edit?tab=t.0), plus "devices" has historical usage in the snap ecosystem, mostly related to IoT applications.
